So when in previous lecture we learn that social signals from Web sites like Facebook and Twitter were
only indirectly in parent and a CEO meaning that activity and captions on those sites will not really
influence what appears in the search engine results.
However the one exception to that is Google plus the social network of Google itself connections and
shares on that social network will actually directly impact what appears in the search engine results
.
This is absolutely huge because it gives you a huge shortcut to getting to the top of the search engine
results and really you only have today maybe one tenth of the work that she would have to do with normal
link building to get to the top of the search.
So so this is not that well-known.
And I think were going to hear a lot more about this over the next two years so I wanted to let you
in on it now.
Let's discuss this a little bit more.
So let's look at an example now of how Google Plus can influence what appears in the first page of Google
.
So as you can see I'm logged into my Google account and I've typed in air purifier here and as you can
see on our Mars bar here though we've got a pretty high page authority and domain authority and links
for these sites.
So obviously that's the traditional reason why they're on the first page otherwise is because they're
localized companies dot These are companies and arland So this is probably the type of product you want
to buy locally.
That's why they're appearing.
And Google is putting those in front of my search as well.
But here down the bottom you can see that there is a Google plus post from a company called carrière
Plus they're based in the U.S..
So doesn't it make a lot of sense here for local reasons.
There is no links on the page and so widely appearing here.
Well the reason really is is because I'm actually following these kinds.
On Google Plus.
So I started following them a couple of months ago.
Just because it's news and content there.
But I haven't had any engagement engagement with them since so still the connection is really powerful
in terms of what's appearing on the first page you will for that particular search term.
You may be thinking OK that's great but not a lot of my audience are on Google Plus.
Well you've got to remember that Google Plus is actually the second biggest social network anybody has
a G-mail account anybody has a YouTube account automatically has a Google Plus account and so there's
great scope there for getting your audience onto Google Plus.
So the beauty of this is that you don't even need to have a big following on Google Plus if you can
get your content in front of the key influencers in your knees.
And they plus one is and they share to their audience will then when their audience goes in search using
Google for a particular search term and your content matches up with that.
And even much better chance of appearing on the first page of Google because they're connected to your
influencers.
So that is extremely powerful.
And the strategy that she should take advantage of.
So just a quick technical tip when you are setting up a code post page for your business.
You first go into your normal profile and then you set up a particular page for your business so it's
a bit like Facebook pages.
If you've ever set one of those up so there you go work away on that strategy and really take advantage
of this remarkable opportunity